Add HSTSRedirection Middleware (#23)
brokenhandsio/VaporSecurityHeaders: README.md

strict-transport-security: max-age=31536000; includeSubDomains; preload
```

## Redirect HTTP to HTTPS

If Strict-Transport-Security is not enough to accomplish a forwarding connection to HTTPS from the browsers, you can opt to add an additional middleware who provides this redirection if clients try to reach your site with an HTTP connection.

> To use the HSTS Redirect Middleware, you can add the following line in your middlewares, preferably before securityHeadersFactory.build():

Reviewer: Should be clearer
```suggestion
To use the HTTPS Redirect Middleware, you can add the following line in **configure.swift** to enable the middleware. This must be done before `securityHeadersFactory.build()` to ensure HSTS works:
```
